Snapshot of the item below:

Welcome to Code Fellows and our Python Network Programming class (Course code:
FIXME). You're part of an amazing group of students and we are very excited to
have you as part of the class.

Preparation for class:

If you are totally new to Python, fear not.  We will spend the first week of
class in an intensive review of Python to ensure that we all have a certain
baseline of knowledge.

To guage your current basic Python comfort level, I have a task for you to
complete as soon as possible.  Please go to http://codingbat.com/ and sign up
for an account. You'll find a set of Python exercises.  Please work through
them all as quickly as you can (there are a total of 8, including the two
'warmup' sections). When you're done, go to "prefs" (link at the top left) and
share your results with me (use the email address 'cris@crisewing.com').

Have your Mac or Linux laptop working, with plenty of free space on the hard
drive. If you're on Windows, please get a dual-boot or Virtual Machine with
Linux set up. Choose Ubuntu if you are new to Linux. If you are a very strong
windows user, you may choose to continue working there, but I will be
restricted in my ability to help you work through issues with your OS.

Mac OS X: Please download XCode (v5) from the Mac App Store in advance, and
install the command line tools. We will work on further environmental setup in
class on the first day.

Learn more about your tools!

Learn about the command line (Mac or Linux)

An Editor. If you already rock Vim or Emacs, that’s fine. Others should start
with one of these two:

 Sublime Text Editor (if you are already very comfortable with another
 editor/IDE you may use that.) Install Sublime Text 2.  If you are comfortable
 with another editor/IDE, you can continue to use that) Take the NetTuts free
 Sublime Text 2 course

If you want a great free alternative to Sublime, use Brackets.

Learn the basics of Git and GitHub. Here’s a great interactive tutorial on Git.
Or, you make like a free book better.

Learn some basic ruby. http://tryruby.org and if you’ve already know the basics
try http://rubykoans.com/

Look for an invitation soon to take the pre-class assessment survey. It’s
important to take the survey so that we know the best place to start for you
and your class as a whole.

Our first class meeting will be Monday morning, Jan 13th, at 9am, downstairs,
in The Easy at TechStars. 511 Boren Ave N, Seattle, WA. Bring your laptop.
There is some street parking if you are here early, and also paid lots. We are
also one block away from the Seattle Streetcar.

If you have any questions or run into any problems, reply to this email and we'll help fix it. See you soon!

Lindy Merida, Brook Riggio, Ivan Storck

Code Fellows
